# Imperas RISC-V Architecture Tests for ZK
K Crypto/Scalar (Version 1.0.0) 1.0.0-rc1

This directory contains an Imperas test suite.
The focus of these tests is to check the device under test complies with the RISC-V specifications.

The tests have been generated by the Imperas directed test generator.
At the top of each test source file is listed the specification version and configuration options used.

[`test_suite_details.txt`](test_suite_details.txt) provides instruction counts.

[`test_suite_sizes.txt`](test_suite_sizes.txt) has information about each test in the suite.

[`basic.coverage.txt`](basic.coverage.txt) shows functional coverage data.

[`extended.coverage.txt`](extended.coverage.txt) includes extended functional coverage detail.

The coverage data is collected and reported by functionality included in riscvOVPsim.

Depending where you are viewing this file you might see some other directories/files:
The src and reference directories are the test suites and their reference.
    The 'src' directory contains all the .S assembler files of the tests.
    The 'reference' directory contains the reference signatures for the tests.

On github you will find only the RV32I tests. 
All the other open source freely available suites are can be found on OVPworld.
To obtain the download package for those configured testsuites, get the download package from: [www.OVPworld.org](https://www.ovpworld.org/riscvOVPsimPlus).

If you need vector tests and your device is a different configuration of vector engine, please contact Imperas (info@imperas.com) to obtain a test suite configured for your specific device.

If the suite is only commercially available (for example for the Vector instructions and PMP privilege ISA tests) please contact Imperas.

